So I think I'm fortunate in that all my stakeholders today I'm right half of them I'm actually I would
say I'm friends with so we're very locked in and I understand as they make the decision what's
happening so I do understand when they actually do take an action but I'm not really satisfied
with just knowing that they they took an action what I'm trying to figure out right now and if
anyone has thoughts on this I'd love to have a conversation later is if you make a prediction
that there is a problem that is going to happen or service level performance is going to deteriorate
that prediction is out there you have stakeholders or operators or whoever that has access to that
information if you don't know specifically what they're doing right they could be having calls
with people they could be turning dials that you don't even know about in the background
is there a way that over time you can log your historical data right your historical predictions
and then over time you can look at what actually materialized is there a way and I really think
it's regression modeling to say based upon what we see in these groups where we are predicting
performance deterioration compared to the whole we we can estimate that the predictions are having
the intended effect right I think it's really comparing a few different groups there over time
as long as you are cataloging the predictions you are making can you formulate that into
into a way to quantitatively measure the impact so to answer your question number one in my current
situation I'm so looped in with the stakeholders that yes I know when they are making decisions
number but I don't know how to quantitatively measure it yet which
leads to number two I'm trying to figure out ways to quantitatively measure it.